https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-20246 (#8018)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_api/cluster_api_intro.adoc

[#capi-intro]
= Cluster API 

> Cluster API OpenShift Assisted providers use Assisted Installer for provisioning nodes by using ignition userData that is provided by Assisted Installer and applied to standard OpenShift OS images. This eliminates the need for a bootstrap node or custom LiveISOs.

Reviewer: Is this an intro for just CAPOA or all the capi components? Confused by the name and file path.

Author: Exactly. You are confused because I am confused lol. And the info is not clear.

We have a new folder for CAPI now and this is the intro for all files that will be related to CAPI. 

We have no other CAPI doc right now other than this new doc, but Josh said it should be separated. What should the title be?  Cluster management with Cluster API?

> //need to use proper names

Author: this is a note for me.

[#capi-intro]
= Cluster API 

> Cluster API provides declarative APIs to simplify provisioning, upgrading, and operating multiple Kubernetes clusters. Integrate Cluster API with {mce-short} for cluster management by using a bootstrap provider, an infrastructure provider, and a control plane provider. If you installed {acm-short}, the {mce-short} is installed for Cluster API integration. Learn how to integrate Cluster API with standalone {mce-short} or {acm-short}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cluster API offers declarative APIs that simplify the provisioning, upgrading, and management of Kubernetes clusters. MCE installs the core Cluster API (CAPI) components along with various infrastructure and bootstrap providers to support different use cases and platforms. Learn how to use Cluster API with either standalone {mce-short} or {acm-short}.
```

Author: @serngawy Thank you. I can fix a few small things. We actually have to follow a couple style manuals for the doc and product naming guidance from branding/legal, so changing it a bit to:

Cluster API offers declarative APIs that simplify the provisioning, upgrading, and management of Kubernetes clusters. {mce-short} installs the core Cluster API components along with multiple infrastructure and bootstrap providers to support different use-cases and platforms. Learn how to use Cluster API with either standalone {mce-short} or {acm-short}.

> 

Author: @serngawy  can you please review this paragraph. We have no other doc from your squad (please see the playbook for how to open issues for us when you are ready and use the template). For now I had to create a Cluster API section for the assisted installer process. Line 4 is the general introduction to all the Cluster API capability. I got this info from the skills transfer.

Reviewer 2: suggest some changes above

Author: I have changed this; we need to stay within the doc standards so we cannot use "MCE" or "CAPI" -- we have to stick to branding standards. But other changes are in.
